1. Design a program that includes a base class named Animal, and two derived
classes, Bird and Reptile, that are privately inherited from the Animal class.
The Animal class has two public data members, the name and age of an
animal, and a method speak(), leave that empty here. The Bird class has an
additional private data member named wingLength, representing the length of
the bird's wings. The Reptile class has an additional private data member
named habitat, representing the environment where the reptile lives.
The sub classes will override the speak() method, which displays the name
and age, and the specific data members of each class along with a message
indicating the type of the animal and the sound it makes. The Bird class has a
specific message indicating that the bird can sing, while the Reptile class has
a specific message indicating that the reptile can creep.
The main function of the program should create an object of the Bird class
and an object of the Reptile class, initialize their data members using the
constructor, and call their speak() member function to display the information.
Note: None of your class should have getter and setter methods
Sample Output:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. You have been asked to design a program that simulates the behavior of a
Skimmer, which is a type of boat that is capable of both swimming and flying.
To accomplish this, you will create a Skimmer class that is derived from two
base classes, Boat and Plane using protected inheritence.

The Boat class will contain data member called boatLength, which represents
the length of the boat, and a member function called swim(), which prints the
message “I am swimming”
The Plane class will contain a data member called maxAltitude, which
represents the maximum altitude the plane can reach, and a member function
called fly(), which prints the message “I am flying”.
The Skimmer class will contain two private data members called name, and
numPassengers, which represents the number of passengers the skimmer can
carry, and a public member function called swimAndFly(), which will class
the swim() and fly() method of the super classes.
In the main function, create an object of the Skimmer and initialize through
constructor.
Display the properties of the Skimmer object using the display() member
function. Finally, call the swimAndFly() function to simulate the behavior of
the Skimmer.
Note: None of your class should have getter and setter methods, only initialize
the object through a constructor.
